folks my name is Tony me oh no I'm a
member of faith Community Church and I
have the purple support of my elders and
my pastors and again I'm here today that
declared you the son of a living God the
Christ my name is Tony Mian oh and I'm
an evangelist I am a member of a church
I am under the biblical authority of
pastors and elders and I'm not even if
I'm standing on a box all by myself I'm
not out here alone I have the coverage
of my church family more and more I am
seeing men and women out on the streets
under the auspices of being evangelist
for the Lord Jesus Christ who are out
there as nomads they're not under the
authority of any local church they do
not submit themselves to the authority
of pastors or elder they are not held
accountable by older more mature men in
the faith I see so many street preachers
and I applaud the fact that God seems to
be raising up strangers they're just
angry people who want to hurt other
people and call their names and film
them so those of all they're doing it so
they can put it on YouTube how I would
give to just walk around a corner and
see a street preacher who was just
telling people about how glorious Christ
is the Lord the Messiah God Almighty
Lion of the tribe of Judah who once came
as a baby humble in a stable but when he
returns my friend he will not return as
a meek and mild lamb to be punished by
his creation though he will return as
the Lion of the tribe of Judah to judge
both the Loulou
and the dead God is holy God is
righteous God is just God is good and
God will punish sin but God is also not
instead of he is also loving merciful
gracious and kind and then he provided
one way and only one way for you to
escape the just and holy wrath of
Almighty God my friends no Hobbit cannot
save you Muhammad is dead
Buddha is dead Jesus Christ alone is God
Jesus Christ is risen Jesus Christ is
alive my freinds and I worship a Living
God we worship a living Savior and the
only god who can save you is the only
God who is alive and that is Jesus quite
the lords when people think of the
street preacher they think of someone
who is very angry third yelling and
screaming the people are calling people
names there's no grace there's no love
and more often than not there's no
gospel and sadly there is that kind of
street preaching more often than not
it's by haratz it's the groups of people
that I refer to as nomads are out on the
streets basically a law unto themselves
and sadly I'm seeing more and more of
these groups turn to Pharisees of long
ago full-on Pelagianism denying the
imputed righteousness of Christ
denying original sin believing in
sinless perfectionism and more often
than not these men and women are out on
the streets not bringing the good news
of Jesus Christ but only bringing the
condemnation of God's law not because
I'm standing on a box holding the Bible
not because I go to church not because I
have a less been slow than the next
person I'm going to heaven entirely on
the basis of what Jesus Christ did on
the cross it is Jesus Christ and Jesus
Christ alone there is no name given
among men under heaven by which we must
be saved and it is Jesus Christ the Lord
you